Video effects conceptual docs in storybook (#3278)
Azure/communication-ui-library: packages/storybook/stories/VideoEffects.stories.mdx

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs';
import { DetailedBetaBanner } from './BetaBanners/DetailedBetaBanner';
import { Stack } from '@fluentui/react';
import { overviewPageImagesStackStyle } from './constants';

<Meta
  id="videoeffects"
  title="Concepts/Video Effects"
  parameters={{ previewTabs: { canvas: { disable: true, hidden: true } } }}
/>

## Blurred and Custom Backgrounds

<DetailedBetaBanner version={'1.5.1-beta.5'} />

Azure Communication Services UI Library is adding support for Blurred and Custom Backgrounds.
With this new feature, users can blur the user background or change the background to a provided default image gallery option.
Contoso can set their own custom images that the end user can then set as their background, allowing for greater customization of the calling experience.

> Enabling this feature will enable greater privacy and allow for greater focus on the person by removing the existing background behind the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable this feature to enhance privacy and to also direct focus on the individual by removing their existing  "real" background with a custom background or effect.
```

Feel free to rephrase "real". I was trying to define a difference between a custom and a background from the actual camera.

> Here are the main scenarios where blurred and custom backgrounds are useful:

Reviewer 2: I would rephrase this as 'The main scenarios where blurred and custom backgrounds are useful are:'

**Privacy:** Blurred backgrounds can be helpful in maintaining privacy by concealing potentially sensitive information visible in the background, such as personal documents or family photos.

**Professionalism:** Custom backgrounds can be used to convey a professional image in business settings by presenting a branded or neutral background instead of a potentially cluttered or unprofessional real-life background.

**Personalization:** Custom backgrounds can be used to express individuality and personal preferences, adding a fun and creative element to video calls.

### Incorporating Blurred and Customer backgrounds into your experience

The UI Library enables users to enhance their video conferencing experiences by providing the option to use blurred and custom backgrounds within the CallComposite and CallWithChat experiences.
Blurred and custom backgrounds can be enabled both in Mobile Web sessions and in Desktop Web sessions.
Blurred and Custom Backgrounds are enabled by default and are automatically included within the CallComposite and CallWithChatComposite experiences.

> Users can select if they want blurred, custom, or no backgrounds from the start screen or in-call, in the camera and effects settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can select if they want blurred, custom, or no backgrounds from the start screen or in-call though the camera and effects settings.
```
